Clarify that egress gateway is disabled by default if Helm was used to install (#3399)
istio/istio.io: content/docs/setup/kubernetes/quick-start/index.md

[use Helm and Tiller to manage the Istio deployment](/docs/setup/kubernetes/helm-install/#option-2-install-with-helm-and-tiller-via-helm-install).

## Verifying the installation
{{< tip >}}

> Note that istio-egressgateway is not present by default if you used Helm to install.

Reviewer: Do not add "note" to a callout, it's redundant. The text doesn't provide enough context. Tips work best if you place the reason for the tip at the beginning. 
```suggestion
If you installed Istio using Helm, the `istio-egressgateway` service is not present by default. Consider this fact as you verify that the services are deployed.
```

## Verifying the installation

1.  To ensure the following Kubernetes services are deployed: `istio-citadel`,
    `istio-egressgateway`, `istio-galley`, `istio-ingress`, `istio-ingressgateway`,
    `istio-pilot`, `istio-policy`, `istio-statsd-prom-bridge`, `istio-telemetry`,
    `prometheus`, and optionally, `istio-sidecar-injector`, verify they all have
    an appropriate `CLUSTER-IP`:

    {{< tip >}}

>     Note that istio-egress gateway is not present by default if you have used Helm to install.

Reviewer 2: ```
Note that `istio-egressgateway` is not present
```

Author: Fixed. Thanks.
